Loto Quine Bingo Assistant Privacy Policy
The following information applies to Loto Quine Bingo Assistant app.

Ludosoft  built the Loto Quine Bingo Assistant app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Ludosoft and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Loto Quine Bingo Assistant unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

When you use our Apps, we may automatically collect the following types of information to implement significant features and provide you a better experience:

The platform type (Android)

The operating system version

The number of clicks on the app feature

The device model

The language you use for the device system

The manufacturer of the device

The screen resolution

The device hardware configuration

Google Advertising ID: This is used in the third-party advertising network to provide personalized ads and prevent inappropriate advertisement content.

Support Related Information: If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your email address, name, and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services.

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.



The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Links to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services

AdMob


Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.


Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Required permissions
Loto Quine Bingo Assistant rrequests the following permissions on your device:


GOOGLE PLAY BILLING SERVICE - required for an in-app purchase of Loto Quine Bingo Assistant  and its additional components.

CAMERA – required to capture images of documents using the device camera. Revoking this permission will limit the application functionality.

READ EXTERNAL STORAGE - this permission is required to read images from external storage.

WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE - this permission is required to write to external storage. Revoking this permission will limit the application to not to write scanned document to external storage.


Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.


Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.

Modification and Termination of Services
We have a policy of constantly improving our services, and for that, we can modify or terminate any of our services anytime. We may change any function, feature, or can terminate our services altogether. This may cause the deletion of user data. Any loss or compromisation of data will not be liable to Lufick, users are advised to keep their sensitive information outside of the app. We do not promise anything about our services.

About these terms
We may modify these terms or add any additional terms that apply to a service or changes to our services without any prior or post notice to users. Users need to check the terms at a regular interval to be updated with the services and terms. It if turns out that any particular term is not applicable, it will not affect other terms. 
